[On Hold] Add Heliarch and Resistance intros (#4800)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/resistance intro.txt

			`	You nod, and they all start speculating on what the technology the Quarg mentioned could be.`
			choice
				`	"Maybe we could try spying on the rings to find out?"`
				`	"Any clue where they might be doing this research?"`
			`	"Ring of Wisdom, the heart of the Heliarch laboratories is... For espionage, too well guarded it is," the Arach says.`
			`	"Even to lower ranked Heliarchs, closed off, entire sections are," the elderly Saryd explains. "For many decades, it has been so."`
			label finish
			`	They discuss things a while longer, but as soon as the first member leaves, everyone else also gets up. Before you yourself leave, the Kimek asks that you follow them to the back of the shop.`
			`	Getting there, after going down a ramp in an uncomfortably short corridor, the Kimek picks up a small box, handing it to you, and asks that you try speaking into it.`
			`	You say a couple words, and the box emits some ghastly sounds.`
			`	"A small gift, it is," the box says, after the Kimek removes the device usually kept around it's neck. "Question you about it's origin, the Heliarch should not. Long enough, been here you have, that friends, you're expected to have made."`

> 			`	They demonstrate a bit more on how the box works, with simple sentences like introductions, in which you learn their name is Chiree. They say it will automatically recognize any language of the three Coalition species, so you don't need to worry about manually changing it's settings.`

Author: gave her gendered pronouns in all instances previous to this too. not sure why I hadn't in the first place. let me know if I missed any or if something needs changed to fit

					goto notdefected
			label notdefected
			`	She leaves the room, leaving you alone for a few minutes. When she returns, she says, "Let go with a warning, you will be, Captain. To meet under these same circumstances again, I hope we do not."`
			`	You're escorted back to your ship.`
				decline
			label defected
			apply
				clear "pledged to resistance"
			`	You agree to tell her all you know about the Resistance, as you go about telling how you first got contacted by them, and naming the planets where you were told to deliver the outfits.`
			`	She continuously asks for you to describe the Resistance members that you came in contact with, and you try your best to not sound vague as you describe members of three different alien species.`
			`	After repeating questions many times and confirming everything time and again, she says, "The right choice, you have made, Captain. Free to go, you are, and free to work more with us, too."`
			`	The door opens, and you're escorted back to your ship. When you spot it in the docking area, you notice that the crew of several Heliarch ships are rushing for their vessels, as dozens of ships depart.`

> 				decline

Author: one shouldn't be able to get this mission if they got `Resistance: Questions: offered`, and getting that is what locks one out of the Heliarch chains

			`	"Understandable, that is," one of them says, as they all look over her findings. Although it's all written in a language they don't understand, they don't seem to have a problem staring for several minutes at the schematics she drew there.`
			`	Finally, they hand the data to an employee, to have it translated, then say, "If come to us, this Freya will not, head to her, we shall."`
			choice
				`	"How do you plan to do that?"`
				`	"Do you have a Jump Drive?"`
			`	"Confidential information, from the Heliarch our House can gather. To steal a Jump Drive, however, willing to risk it we are not," they explain.`
			`	"Assist us, you must, Captain. a Jump Drive, to <destination>, you must bring. One of our ships, with it we will equip."`
			`	"<payment>, you will receive."`
			`	You're guided back to your ship, as they claim they will now wait for Freya's findings to be translated, and then analyze them.`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		outfit "Jump Drive" -1
		payment 1500000
		conversation

> 			`You land in another private area, owned by House Bebliss, as they guide you with the coordinates.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You were given coordinates to land in another private area owned by House Bebliss.`
```

> 			`	They remove the Jump Drive from your cargo, and prepare to install it on one of ther own, as they hand you <payment>.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They remove the Jump Drive from your cargo and prepare to install it on one of their own. They hand you <payment>.`
```

> 			`	"Once ready, the ship is, in the main spaceport, meet you, we will," one of the representatives says.`

Reviewer: You might want to clarify that there isn't a timer for this so players know they just have to click on the spaceport, not wait.

mission "House Bebliss 7"
	name "Far From Home"
	description "Escort the ship with House Bebliss' representatives to <destination>, where they intend to join Freya in her studies on hyperspace links."
	to offer
		has "House Bebliss 6: done"
	source "Blubipad's Workshop"
	destination "Pugglemug"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`One of the employees of House Bebliss spots you immediately as you enter the spaceport, and guides you to what they claim is one of the top restaurants here, where the representatives are waiting for you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`One of the employees of House Bebliss spots you immediately as you enter the spaceport and guides you to what they claim is one of the top restaurants here. The representatives are waiting inside.`
```

> 			`	They have already ordered their meals when you arrive, but upon seeing the menu's selection of "exotic dishes" you decide to not eat anything.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They have already ordered their meals when you arrive, but upon seeing the menu's selection of "exotic dishes", you decide to not eat anything.`
```

			`	"Ready for takeoff, our ship is," one of them says. "To the world where your friend is, bring us, you must."`
			`	Another one bites into something that looks like a goat's leg, albeit much bonier, before saying, "Prepared for concealing our presence, we and the crew are. Worry about that, you need not."`
			`	"Extra fuel, the ship has. Enough to reach the planet, it is," the last of them tells you.`

> 			`	As the main course seems to be coming to the table, you rapidly agree to prepare to take them to <destination>, then rush back outside.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As the main course arrives at the table, you quickly agree to prepare to take them to <destination>, then rush back outside before you embarrass yourself. There's already a little vomit in your throat.`
```

> 			`	After their lunch is over, they send a message to your ship, saying you may take off whenever you wish to.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	After their lunch is over, they send a message to your ship saying you may take off whenever you wish to.`
```

				accept
	npc accompany save
		personality escort timid
		government "Coalition"
		ship "Arach Spindle (Jump Drive)" "Toopy Mogrup"
	on visit

> 		dialog `You've reached <planet>, but left House Bebliss' ship behind! Best depart and wait for them to get here.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `You've reached <planet> but left House Bebliss' ship behind! Best depart and wait for them to get here.`
```

	on complete
		event "freya arachi research" 140
		payment 930000
		conversation

> 			`As both your ships come in for a landing, you contact Freya, and tell her the Arachi are with you this time. She tells you to land on the outskirts of the city, and that she will meet you and her guests after she "mentally prepares."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As both your ships come in for a landing, you contact Freya and tell her the Arachi are with you this time. She tells you to land on the outskirts of the city and that she will meet you and her guests after she "mentally prepares."`
```

> 			`	You wait outside your ship, while the Arachi's ship still keeps it's hatch closed. It seems they intend to stay in there to not be detected by any humans. Considering the ship's large cargo hold, they should be packed with plenty of supply.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You wait outside your ship while the Arachi's ship keeps its hatch closed. It seems they intend to stay in there to not be detected by any humans. Considering the ship's large cargo hold, they should have plenty of supplies.`
```

> 			`	Freya arrives, and the hatch opens for the both of you to go inside once no curious bystanders are nearby.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Freya arrives, and the hatch opens for both of you to go inside once no curious bystanders are nearby.`
```

> 			`	Freya handles the initial greetings surprisingly well, for someone who is speaking with giant spiders for the first time. After all names have been said, they start moving onto some initial considerations on how they will go about helping each other's research.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Freya handles the initial greetings surprisingly well for someone who is speaking with giant spiders for the first time. After everyone's been introduced, they move onto some initial considerations on how they will go about helping each other's research.`
```

> 			`	As they talk, one of the ship's crewmembers hands you <payment>, "for safely escorting us and the bosses here", they say.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As they talk, one of the ship's crewmembers hands you <payment> "as thanks for safely escorting us here".`
```

> 			`	They talk with Freya for almost an hour, before settling on having the research be moved to their ship. Freya says she will go get her team and bring whatever pieces of equipment they found to the ship, before you and her go back outside.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They talk with Freya for almost an hour before settling on having the research be moved to their ship. Freya says she will go get her team and bring whatever pieces of equipment they found to the ship before you and her go back outside.`
```

> 			`	Once the hatch is closed, she quietly asks "That's one of their civilian freighters?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Once the hatch is closed, she quietly asks, "That's one of their civilian freighters?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Yeah, though it's not their largest one."`
				`	"They're civilians, so they can't buy the warships in their space."`

> 			`	"That hull plating is way too much for a freighter! It's tougher than a Dreadnought's, no wonder you said they completely outclassed us."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"That hull plating is way too much for a freighter! It's tougher than a Dreadnought's! No wonder you said they completely outclassed us."`
```

> 			`	She sighs. "Then again, this is probably one of, if not the best chance one could ask for to learn how they do it. They seem to think I'm onto something with my research, so I'll help them while they think a human's help is worth it."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	She sighs. "Then again, this is probably the best chance we could ask for to learn how they do it. They seem to think I'm on to something with my research, so I'll help them while they think a human's help is worth it."`
```

			choice
				`	"You think they'll be well hidden here?"`
					goto hidden
				`	"You think they'll be safe here?"`
					goto safe
			label hidden

> 			`	"Well, <planet> has gotten a surge in population, for sure, but it's far from being a tourist hotspot quite yet," she answers. "As long as they stick to that ship, no one will know they're here."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, <planet> has surged in population, for sure, but it's far from a tourist hotspot for now," she answers. "As long as they stick to that ship, no one will know they're here."`
```

			`	She says she needs to go tell the news to her team, thanks you for the opportunity once again, and says goodbye.`
				accept
			label safe

> 			`	"Deneb is close enough to Sol that we get Navy fleets flying by here pretty often, and far away enough from the pirate strongholds that we rarely get any of them raiding here, they'll be fine."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Deneb is close enough to Sol that we get Navy fleets flying by here pretty often, and it's far away enough from the pirate strongholds that we rarely get any of them raiding here. They'll be fine, especially in that beast of a ship they're in."`
```

			`	She says she needs to go tell the news to her team, thanks you for the opportunity once again, and says goodbye.`

event "freya arachi research"

mission "House Bebliss 8"
	name "Conjoint Breakthrough"
	description "The House Bebliss representatives have contacted you via Freya, saying they're satisfied with what they've researched. Head to <destination>, where you will be joined by their ship, so that you may escort them back to Coalition space."
	landing
	to offer
		has "event: freya arachi research"
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Independent" "Neutral" "Quarg"
		near Sol 100
		not planet "Pugglemug"
	destination "Pugglemug"
	on offer
		require "Jump Drive"
		conversation
			`You receive a message from Freya as you land on <origin>.`

> 			`	"Greetings Captain! I've been well occupied with the Arachi, and learned a lot with them, but it seems they wish to go home now, so I'm contacting you to ask that you come to <destination> as soon as you can to pick them up."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Greetings, Captain! I've been well occupied with the Arachi, and I've learned a lot with them, but it seems they wish to go home now. I'm contacting you to ask that you come to <destination> as soon as you can to pick them up."`
```

				accept

mission "House Bebliss 9"
	name "The House Always Wins"

> 	description "Escort House Bebliss' ship back to Coalition space, to <destination>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Escort House Bebliss' ship back to Coalition space, and arrive at <destination>."
```

	landing
	to offer
		has "House Bebliss 8: done"
	source "Pugglemug"
	destination "Blubipad's Workshop"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You land to find the Arach Spindle parked on the same spot as when you left them here years ago. Freya is there to meet you when you land.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You land to find the Arach Spindle parked on the same spot they first landed in months ago. Freya is waiting for you as you exit the ship.`
```

> 			`	"I have to say, it took a good month or two to get used to working with aliens like those, but I was glad I could see their approach to looking into the Pug tech I showed them," she says upon meeting you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I have to say, it took a good month or two to get used to working with aliens like those, but I was glad I could see their approach to deciphering Pug tech," she says after greeting you.`
```

> 			`	You say hello to the Arachi, as they go on about how they believe they have reached a point of breakthrough, and wish to head back to their own laboratories to better analyze and test their findings.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You greet the Arachi, and they explain they have reached a point of breakthrough and wish to head back to their own laboratories to better analyze and test their findings.`
```

> 			`	"To work with miss Winters, a pleasure it has been, but far from home, forever we cannot remain," one of them says. "For your generous cooperation, and this next escorting service, offer you <payment>, we will, Captain <last>."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"To work with Miss Winters, a pleasure it has been, but far from home, forever we cannot remain," one of them says. "For your generous cooperation, and this next escorting service, offer you <payment>, we will, Captain <last>."`
```

> 			`	They ready their ship, and say goodbye to Freya, as you get back in your own ship and prepare to bring them back there.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They ready their ship and say goodbye to Freya as you get back in your own ship and prepare to bring them back to Coalition space.`
```

				accept
	npc accompany save
		personality escort timid
		government "Coalition"
		ship "Arach Spindle (Jump Drive)" "Toopy Mogrup"
	on visit
		dialog `You've reached <planet>, but left House Bebliss' ship behind! Best depart and wait for them to get here.`
	on complete
		payment 2100000
		conversation

> 			`The representatives rapidly leave their ship, and as your translation device catches on to what they're talking about, it seems they've missed Arachi cuisine.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The representatives rapidly leave their ship. As your translation device picks up their conversation, it seems they've missed Arachi cuisine.`
```

> 			`	They come to you, and hand you your payment, <payment>.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They come to you and hand you your payment of <payment>.`
```

			`	"Grateful to you, House Bebliss is, Captain."`
			`	"Immensely benefit the Resistance, these findings will."`

> 			`	They thank you for helping them all the way through, and head to their private property.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They thank you for helping them and head to their private property.`
```

	landing
	source "Fourth Shadow"
	destination "Mebla's Portion"
	to offer
		has "Resistance: Charity: done"
		not "assisted heliarch"
		not "Heliarch Investigation 2: active"
		not "Heliarch Containment 4-A: offered"
	to fail
		has "Heliarch Investigation 2: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You drop off the crates full of charity goods, and the spaceport workers start getting them up on vehicles to transport them to the poor.`
			`	While you're helping them get the crates out of your cargo hold, you go in there one last time for the final crate, but find it's gone, and a small, thin transceiver is on the floor, near where the crate was.`
			`	You manage to connect it to your ship's control panel, and after a second, a message pops up in your screen.`
			`	"Greetings. Thank you for helping us with this operation. It is customary for us to transport 'gifts' like this, but this method takes an awful ammount of time. We are aware that humans developed a type of plating that can interfere with scanners. Bring twenty of those to <destination>, if you wish to help our Resistance."`

> 			`	The message clears shortly after you finish reading it, and a bit of smoke starts leaving the device. As if it wasn't obvious enough before, the last word of the message blatantly spells out that whoever sent it is member of the Resistance movement against the Heliarchs.`

Reviewer 2: The comma before the `and` is valid grammar

> 			`	The message clears shortly after you finish reading it, and a bit of smoke starts leaving the device. As if it wasn't obvious enough before, the last word of the message blatantly spells out that whoever sent it is member of the Resistance movement against the Heliarchs.`

Author: should I revert it back to what it was?

			choice
				`	(Accept the smuggling job.)`
				`	(Ignore it, it's best to not get involved in this.)`
					decline
			`	You dispose of the small piece of equipment, and trace a route to the nearest human outfitter that sells the requested outfits.`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		log "Factions" "Resistance" `The Resistance is a rarely talked about faction within the Coalition, a group that opposes the Heliarch government.`
		outfit "Interference Plating" -20
		payment 1000000
		conversation
			`You're about to dock as usual, but get a message pop up again, telling you to go to the edge of the city. You follow the instructions, and find yourself in the middle of several dozen warehouses. Another message asks that you unload the crates and bring them to one specific warehouse, as you see that a cargo loader the spaceport workers use has been prepared for you.`
			`	As you're doing so, you remember that you didn't get paid for this Resistance's 'charity' job, and you weren't told if you would even get paid for this one, so after the seventh crate you consider dropping this job entirely.`

> 			`	Disregarding that, you finally get the last of the Interference Platings, and as you fly your ship back to the more convenient landing pads, you see that <payment> have been added to your account. Exactly the price for twenty Interference Platings.`

Author: I'm actually not sure on the part right after payment, so I kept it as "have" for now.
like, since the payment is 1 million would it not be best to keep it as "have" ? "1000000 credits have been added to your account", as opposed to "1000000 credits has been added to your account" ? I couldn't remember any instance where you're paid 1M in such a way, so idk which way it's done

> 			`	Disregarding that, you finally get the last of the Interference Platings, and as you fly your ship back to the more convenient landing pads, you see that <payment> have been added to your account. Exactly the price for twenty Interference Platings.`

Reviewer 3: I agree with @Arachi-Lover in this instance.

				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		outfit "Fragmentation Grenades" -100
		payment 1700000
		conversation
			`This time you're not told to land anywhere specifically, so you reluctantly dock on the familiar landing pads. To your relief, several Kimek were ready to load your crates full of smuggled grenades on their own vessels.`
			`	When they're ready to leave, one of them walks up to you and places a chip worth <payment> on your hand. You notice something else other than your payment, though, as you open your hand to see a small piece of paper, on which a route to some restaurant is described.`
			`	The Kimek leave before you have a chance to ask them anything, so you're left alone to decide whether to follow the directions on the note. Considering how isolated this world is, and what kind of business you've been doing for the Resistance, though, this could possibly be some form of trap.`
			choice
				`	(Head to the restaurant.)`
					goto trustednote
				`	(Trash the note and stop doing this.)`
					decline
			label trustednote

> 			`	You walk into a dimly lit, though welcoming to other races, restaurant. Noone else seems to be eating here, and you're unsure if you should risk ordering some Kimek food, so you just wait.`

Author: placed a comma before the human senses part, and changed it very slightly. as it was the sentence was unnecessarily long

			`	Sitting opposite to you is the 'waiter', who has slightly shorter legs than what you've observed to be the norm for the Kimek. You notice that they don't have their translation box around the neck, instead setting it down on the table.`
			`	Their mouth cackles for a bit, and then they say, "Hello," albeit very slowly, and in a crude manner.`
			`	Seeing your reaction to their attempt to speak in your language, it reverts back to Kimek speech for a moment, while putting the box around the neck. They speak again, "Used to the human language, I am not. Forgiveness for that shameful display, I ask of you."`
			choice
				`	"It's fine, I'm sure me speaking Kimek would be even worse."`
				`	"How did you even learn that?"`
			`	Once again they make a sound worryingly similar to when one is about to regurgitate, then say, "To mask our conversations, we try. Achieve that goal, a foreign language would."`
			`	They look out to the closed door, then get up, and head to the bar, picking up something from the lower shelves, then coming back. Up close, you can finally see the object in question is a Fragmentation Grenade.`

> 			`	"Already much, you have risked, to bring these to us," they say. "But, if a fighting chance, we are to have, a show of trust, is needed. To pledge to help us, and denounce the Heliarchs, we ask of you."`

Author: kept the "if" in place as it seemed unnecessary to change

			choice
				`	"Can you tell me more about your group first?"`
					goto tellmore
				`	"I'm not willing to commit myself like that."`
					goto refuse
				`	"Now? Can't you give me some time to think?"`
					goto time
			label tellmore
			`	"No. If after that, to still denounce us you chose, greatly crippled, our chances against the Heliarchs would be," they say. "To pledge your allegiance, will you?"`
			choice
				`	"I'm not willing to commit myself like that."`
					goto refuse
				`	"Now? Can't you give me some time to think?"`
					goto time
			label time

> 			`	"Enough time, were you not given, when filling your cargo with these weapons, and transporting them all the way here?" They say as they repeatedly tap the grenade with one leg.`

Author: used "transporting them you were" to not repeat "these weapons"

> 			`	"To fight the Heliarchs now, we are asking you not. Merely a promise, to help us, and us alone, is what we need."`

Author: I don't think the "now" needs to be moved. kept a comma after the "us" as it felt off to say that last part without it, though that mighta been just me, so will remove if needed.

			choice
				`	"Alright, I swear I won't offer the Heliarchs any help."`
					goto pledged
				`	"I'm not willing to commit myself like that."`
					goto refuse
			label refuse
			`	"A pity," they say, and then take off the box from around their neck, showing you the door, as you head back to the crowded streets.`
				accept
			label pledged
			apply
				set "pledged to resistance"
			`	Their mandibles click together for a couple seconds, then they say, "We'll get in contact again, Captain <last>."`

> 			`	They show you the door, and you're back on the crowded streets.`

Author: changed a few words on the last added bit, but essentially remains the same.

			`	They all get on the boat, and sail away, the ship being fully encompassed by fog within the first minutes of raising the anchor.`

mission "Resistance: Flamethrowers"
	name "Playing with Fire"
	description "Deliver ten Flamethrowers to <destination>."
	source
		attributes kimek
	destination "Ablub's Invention"
	to offer
		random < 10 + 5 * "assisted resistance" * "assisted resistance"
		has "pledged to resistance"
		has "event: flamethrower available"
		not "assisted heliarch"
		not "Heliarch Investigation 2: active"
		not "Heliarch Containment 4-A: offered"
	to fail
		has "Heliarch Investigation 2: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A Kimek flags you down as you're taking a stroll around the spaceport.`
			`	"With our mutual friends, I am," they whisper, inviting you to a bar nearby. There they explain that the Resistance has learned of a potent, small heat weapon, that humanity developed. You realize they are talking about Barmy Edward's Flamethrowers.`

> 			`	"Incredibly facilitate any conflict with the Heliarch, those would. To <destination>, you must deliver them. Ten would suffice. Willing to pay extra, we would be."`

Author: changed it, but not with your version. the wording was a bit weird to me, and that "equivalent" part doesn't add up since their ships would still be leagues below Heliarch ones, they'd just be exploiting a weakness

			`	They say that you would likely be paid double the total price, considering the advantage the Kraz weapons would bring them, and leave the bar. The planet you need to deliver them to is right next to Free Worlds space, so this should be an easy way to make a bit of money.`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		"assisted resistance" ++
		outfit "Flamethrower" -10
		payment 3800000
		conversation

> 			`You land in a valley, during one of the long nights of this world. A crowd of Arachi eventually gather near your ship, and take the Flamethrowers from your cargo hold. You're handed <payment>.`

Author: just changed "One of the Arachi" to "One of them"

			`	Finally, the Arachi hands you a small data chip, saying, "Details of our continued efforts, in this we have recorded. To deliver this message, we ask you, Captain <last>."`
			choice
				`	"You really think the Quarg are just gonna come and help just because you asked?"`
					goto unlikelyhelp
				`	"Alright, I'll take this to <destination>."`
					accept
				`	"I'm a bit busy here, can I come back pick it up some other day?"`
					goto deferchip
			label unlikelyhelp
			`	"Naive, we are not," the Saryd says. "Cautious, the Quarg are. To send a triumphant war fleet, the last thing we expect of them is."`
			`	"Still, great knowledge, the Quarg posess. More than the Heliarch, even," the Kimek beside you continues. "Immediate help, we are seeking not. Help they can, in other ways."`
			choice
				`	"Alright, I'll take this to <destination>."`
					accept
				`	"I'm a bit busy here, can I come back pick it up some other day?"`
					goto deferchip
			label deferchip
			`	The group isn't terribly excited about your lack of enthusiasm, as the Kimek discuss among themselves for a bit.`

> 			`	After it all, the Kimek beside you reactivates the translation box, saying, "Dangerous, it would be, if found by the Heliarchs, this chip was. When ready to leave Coalition space, you are, return here, you must, to pick it up."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Afterwards, the Kimek beside you reactivates the translation box, saying, "Dangerous, it would be, if found by the Heliarchs, this chip was. When ready to leave Coalition space, you are, return here, you must, to pick it up."`
```

event "first resistance unlock"
	planet "Remote Blue"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"
	planet "Fourth Shadow"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"
	planet "Into White"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"
	planet "Secret Sky"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"
	planet "Shifting Sand"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"
	planet "Mebla's Portion"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"
	planet "Refuge of Belugt"
		outfitter "Resistance Basics"

mission "Resistance: Evacuation"
	name "Evacuate Fourth Shadow"
	description "Head to <stopovers>, pick up the <bunks> Resistance members, and bring them to <destination>, where they will lay low while the investigation is still going."
	deadline
	passengers 35
	landing
	source
		near "3 Spring Rising" 1 4
	stopover "Fourth Shadow"
	destination "Ki Patek Ka"
	to offer
		random < 90
		"assisted resistance" >= 2
		not "assisted heliarch"
		not "Heliarch Investigation 2: active"
		not "Heliarch Containment 4-A: offered"
	to fail
		has "Heliarch Investigation 2: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Once your ship lands, your monitor screen twitches, and shows a message rapidly forming.`

> 			`	"Captain, we're in urgent need of ships willing to evacuate some comrades. On <stopovers>, Heliarch agents are looking all over for our whereabouts, and have already stumbled upon some of our factories.`

Author: when they contact you via a monitor pop up they're not meant to be yoda-speaking

			`	They all thank you once again for bailing them out, and disappear in the endless masses of people mingling here.`
				accept
			`label caught`
			`	"Imprisoned, sometimes some are, when caught they are," she says, not wanting to disclose much more about the "sometimes", and as you see the reaction of the others to the statement, you decide not to press for any more details.`
			`	They all thank you once again for bailing them out, and disappear in the endless masses of people mingling here.`

mission "Heliarch Interrogation 1"
	name "Meet with the Heliarch"
	description "Head to <destination> by <date>, so that the Heliarch can ask you some questions."
	landing
	deadline
	source
		government "Coalition"
	destination
		government "Heliarch"
	to offer
		has "Resistance: Evacuation: done"
		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon landing, a Heliarch ship lands close by, and hails you.`
			`	"To <destination>, you are to go immediately. Asked some questions, you will be. Until <date>, to go there you have."`
			`	They cut off the transmission, and head back up to space.`
				accept
	on fail
		"reputation: Heliarch" = -1000

> 		"reputation: Coalition" = -1000

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a dialog that mentions the effects of failing the mission?

Author: what should the dialog say?

Reviewer 2: `You receive a message from the Heliarchs. "Captain <first> <last>. Arrived at <destination>, you have not. Run out, the allocated time has. Forced to treat you as a criminal, we are. Regrettable, your choice is."`

Author: what if you get the mission in Arach Space, and JD as close as you can to Earth though? what I thought would be a more passable version would be something where you take a look at the date and back at your map, but the whole thing could easily just turn into a big wall in the middle of the screen if we're to explain it properly. it might be best to just have no dialog

			`	"Difficult to replicate, some of these human drinks were, but for a special guest, the least we could do, it is."`
			choice
				`	"Thanks, but why exactly did you want to talk to me so badly?"`
				`	"You asked me to come here for a job. What is the job?"`
			`	"The great House Bebliss, we represent. Maintain the local hyperspace communication network, our House does."`
			`	Another one jumps in on the conversation, saying, "Studied hyperspace links, for centuries we have. More recently, an application of such phenomena that would help the Resistance, we have searched for."`
			`	"Knowledge, we have acquired, of certain conflict in human space. Invaded by aliens, were you? Aliens with such technology."`
			choice
				`	"Yeah, they are called the Pug."`
					goto pug
				`	"Wait, how do you know of this?"`
					goto how
			label how
			`	"Know it, the Heliarchs do, so learned about it, we have."`
			`	"Many resources, the great Arach Houses posess. Such information, trivial it is to collect."`
			choice
				`	"I see. Well, yes, we were invaded by aliens known as the Pug."`
					goto pug
				`	"And how did the Heliarch know?"`

> 			`	"In "their" space, are you not? Scanned by their ships, you were. Subtly amassed, your flight records, your charted map of the galaxy, were."`

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't that contradict the part in heliarch intro where some heliarch agents look at the player's map in amazement?

Author: the Hely agents in that mission aren't meant to be extremely high-ranked ones/Elders, they wouldn't necessarily have the information so easily available, unlike an Arach house that could acquire that information from those who do have access to it.

			`	She thanks you for bringing her the information, and you two say goodbye as you head back to your ship.`
				accept

mission "House Bebliss 6"
	name "Jumping Spiders"
	description "Acquire a spare Jump Drive, and bring it to <destination>, where the House Bebliss representatives will have it secretly installed in one of their ships."
	landing
	to offer
		has "House Bebliss 5: done"
	source "Factory of Eblumab"
	destination "Blubipad's Workshop"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You once again land close to the Arachi estate, as you prepare to bring them Freya's findings and her response.`
			`	"To work with us, acepted, has she, Captain?"`
			`	You tell them about Freya's response to their own findings, and hand them the copies of her studies, as you explain she has decided to not leave Deneb.`
			`	"Understandable, that is," one of them says, as they all look over her findings. Although it's all written in a language they don't understand, they don't seem to have a problem staring for several minutes at the schematics she drew there.`

> 			`	Finally, they

Reviewer 4: This event actually took place 2 in-game years after I finished the previous mission. My problem with this is that it is a massive amount of time to wait in between missions. I would recommend a 1-2 month break maximum so as to keep the player interested.

Reviewer 3: I think it could be longer than 1-2 months, but 2 years is long enough where it's easy to forget what was happening. Maybe 5-6 months?

Author: cut it down from 690 to 140

> 			`	Finally, they

Author: one could say the same thing about the escorted Wanderer ships with JDs, or the Korath Exiles World Ships. I find it best to just assume the player didn't take a detour or landed on stalled for long during those missions, as otherwise all would bring up the issue without us having really a way to work around it other than doing loootsa missions, each addressing how people in human space react to the alien ship jumping there, only to have it just redirect you to getting the ships to their destination and stop bein a memester

			choice
				`	"Alright, I'll take this to <destination>."`
					accept
				`	"I'm a bit busy here, can I come back pick it up some other day?"`
					goto deferchip
			label deferchip
			`	The group isn't terribly excited about your lack of enthusiasm, as the Kimek discuss among themselves for a bit.`
			`	After it all, the Kimek beside you reactivates the translation box, saying, "Dangerous, it would be, if found by the Heliarchs, this chip was. When ready to leave Coalition space, you are, return here, you must, to pick it up."`
			`	They say they'll be waiting there, and bid you farewell for now.`
				decline
	on complete
		conversation
			`Stepping off your ship on <origin>, you walk up to the first Quarg you see, and ask who you should talk to in order to deliver a diplomatic message.`
			`	It doesn't hold you up for long, gesturing for you to follow, and leading you through the station's hallways, until you're brought to what you judge to be an office of sorts.`
			`	You wait there for some time, alone, until another Quarg walks in via another door.`

> 			`	"I was informed that you have brought us a message, human," it says.`

Author: "It" is actually how the Quarg are referred to in other conversations, such as the first contact mission, so I just did like it is done there.
